hexdump: add page (#8971)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/hexdump.md

# hexdump

> Display file contents in hexadecimal, decimal, octal, or ascii.
> More information: <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/hexdump.1.html>.

> - Display the input offset in hexadecimal, followed by three columns of data in octal, per line:
> 
> `hexdump -b {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the input offset in hexadecimal, followed by three columns of data in octal, per line:

`hexdump --one-byte-octal {{path/to/file}}`
```

Mandatory fix: [long option must be used if it's portable](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax).

- Display the input offset in hexadecimal, followed by same sixteen bytes in `%_p` format enclosed in `|` characters:

`hexdump --canonical {{path/to/file}}`

> - Interpret only specified length bytes of the input:
> 
> `hexdump --length {{7}} {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interpret only specified length bytes of the input:

`hexdump --length {{1..infinity}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Optional fix: [range syntax can be used](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9646).
Note: I am not sure whether length can't be 0.

> - Skip offset bytes from the beginning of the input and interpret:
> 
> `hexdump --skip {{5}} {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip offset bytes from the beginning of the input and interpret:

`hexdump --skip {{1..infinity}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

The same issue as above.

> - Display all data in hexadecimal without skipping any output lines:
> 
> `hexdump -v {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display all data in hexadecimal without skipping any output lines:

`hexdump --no-squeezing {{path/to/file}}`
```

Mandatory fix: [long option must be used if it's portable](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax).
